ID  Name 	Scope	Primary Actor	Complexity	Priority
1	Menu view	In	Anyone	Low	1
2	Order placement	In	Customer	Low	1
3	Order acquirement 	In	Waiter	Low	1
4	Order review	In	Waiter/customer	Low	1
5	Table management	In	Waiter	High	2
6	Order check off	In	Kitchen staff	Medium	1
7	Reservation	In	Customer	Medium	2
8	Item's metadata	In	Anyone	Medium	2
9	Inventory	In	Manager	Low	1
10	Complaints record	In	Manager/waiter	Medium	2

Use case #1
Name: Menu View.
Summary: Customer reviews menu for order placement. Manager checks menu for revision. Waiter reviews menu for knowledge improvement.
Actors: Anyone.
Description: 
1.	A customer checks the menu for consecutive order placement, ordering entrée, main course, desert and drinks.
2.	Waiter reviews menu for the better understanding of available selections in case if suggestion is asked, or for promotion of specials. 
3.	Manager reviews menu for revision to exclude less popular items and/or to add additional ones.
Postcondition: Customer is ready to place an order, menu is revised and improved.
Use case #2
Name:	Order placement.
Summary:  Customer reviewed menu and ready to place an order.
Actors: Customer.
Description:	
1.	Customer selects an entrée.
2.	Customer selects main course.
3.	Customer orders a drink.
4.	Customer orders desert.
Exception: If ordered drink contains alcohol, a form of age identification is used. If customer below 18, drink is rejected and alternative choice is given. 
Postcondition:  Order is placed.
Use case #3
Name: Order acquirement 
Summary: Waiter takes an order from every party member at the table.
Actors:  Waiter.
Description:
1.	If specials are available, those are promoted first.
2.	Waiter takes order of each party member at the table.
3.	If variety of side dishes is available, customer is being asked to make selection.
4.	Waiter takes order for drinks.
5.	Waiter takes order for desert.
Exception: If dish is not available, substitution is proposed. If customer doesn’t like what he is being suggested, provide menu for selection. If ordered drinks contain alcohol perform age verification. If customer is below 18, politely reject his choice and ask to make another selection.
Postcondition: Orders are taken.
Use case #4
Name: Order review
Summary: Waiter repeats orders back to party members at the table to make sure those are correct.
Actors:	Waiter/Customer 
Description:
1.	Waiter repeats orders back to each customer.
Exception: If order is incorrect, customer corrects waiter.
Postcondition: Orders are verified and ready to be relayed to the kitchen.
Use case #5
Name: Table management
Summary: Table is being cleaned after customers have left. If customers are at the table, ask for refill/ or desert. If customers are ready to check out, serve the bill/collect payments. If complaint is filed, provide information to manager on duty.
Actors: Waiter, Manager.
Description:
1.	If being called, approach table and tend to customer’s need.
2.	If customers have left, collect dishes and clean table.
3.	If customers are present, ask if refill is needed, or if deserts are desired.
4.	If deserts are ordered, refer to Use case#3.
5.	If customers are ready to pay, provide with bill, collect payments and provide receipts.
6.	If complaint is filed, relay information to manager for further assistance, Use case#10
Exception: If refill is asked and drink contains alcohol, advise that additional fee will be charged. 
Postcondition: If table was being cleaned, mark table as vacant. In case of complaint, manager approaches table and manages it. 
Use case #6
Name: Order check of
Summary: Kitchen staff checks of the order after orders review
Actors:	Kitchen staff, Waiter
Description:
1.	Kitchen staff reviews order.
2.	Kitchen staff checks off orders.
3.	If certain ingredients for selected dish are not in stock, exception is thrown.
4.	 Kitchen staff begins to work on order.
Exception: If certain ingredients are missing for selected dish, page waiter and advise him to notify customer and retake the order.
Postcondition: Order’s preparation is started.
Use case #7
Name:	Reservation
Summary:  Customer calls to make a table reservation.
Actors: Customer, waiter/host.
Description:
1.	Customer calls in to make a reservation.
2.	Waiter/host checks reservation records for availability.
3.	If table is available, reservation is accepted, otherwise exception is thrown.
Exception: If all table are occupied or number of reservations exceeds number of available tables notify customer about expected waiting time.
Postcondition: Reservation is being taken.
Use case #8
Name:	Dish’s description
Summary: A throughout description of available dishes is available on the menu.
Actors:	Anyone.
Description:
1.	Customer can review ingredients for Medical purposes or preferences.
2.	Waiter can review ingredients for better understating of the offered dishes and to notify customers that certain products might contain certain products that can cause allergic reaction.
3.	Manager can review ingredients for inventory and product’s order placement.
Postcondition: N/A
Use case #9
Name:	Inventory
Summary: Manager performs inventory to keep track of available products, for documentation purposes and to place an order for items that are low in stock.
Actors: Manager.
Description: 
1.	Manager checks available products.
2.	If certain product is 0 quantity, place an order for it and throw an exception.
3.	If certain product is low on quantity, place an order throw an exception.
4.	Document items that has been used, left of in high demand.
Exception:  If product is 0 quantity, manager places order and notifies waiters not to take orders for dish containing that product until further notice. If product is low on quantity, place an order on it and advised waiters to check quantity of mentioned above product ,if order is taken and contains dish from that product, to avoid disappointing customers.
Postcondition: Inventory is completed, and orders are placed.
Use case #10
Name: Complaint management
Summary:  Customer files a complaint, which is needed to be settled with.
Actors:  Manager, Waiter, Customer.
Description:
1.	Waiter approaches manager and notifies him about complaint being filed.
2.	Manager approaches complainer’s table and attempts to resolve the situation. 
Postcondition: Situation is resolved.

